original Problem

-> Making computers understand Language and interacting with humans.

-> at this point of time computers can not really see and imagine the visuals of it's surroundings.this will lead to a 
   misunderstanding and ambiguity in the interaction.

-> what we can do to rectify the misunderstanding and ambiguity in the interaction ?.
    we can use NLP at large scale machine learning or deep learning to process the data and tag the token of words to represent a              
    set of situations or context or things in the order of it's probability.
    
    we need to build a neural network(not that of Math concept based NN, but a real human brain like NN)
    a typical Mind like NN is very important in processing language, cause a lot of factors and facts and context based thinking is  
    involved in the processing of language. a lot of real neurons carry a lot of operations at the time we hear some words we 
    already know. a set of neurons will catch the input stream data and each neuron will classify and categorize each word/token 
    /chunk of input stream which follows the human language rules.the input neurons then after processing the text , forward the 
    constructed meaning of the input text to the other layers of neurons for further processing and to utilize tio generate the 
    output text.
    
    in this project we are going to perform a number of NLP techniques overall to better understand and create a single learning 
    algorithm.
    
    libraries to be used in the project:
    language: Python, Elixir.
    DB: mongoDB(JSON), Neo4J(Entity relation)
    ML Libraries: Scikit-Learn,Tensorflow, Pytorch, Keras.
    NLP Libraries: Spacy(en),  Gensim(en), NLTK(en).
    
    
    Applications of NLP:
    1.Morphological segmentation
    2.Part-of-speech tagging
    3.Parsing
    4.Sentence breaking 
    5.Word segmentation
    6.Terminology extraction
    7.Machine translation
    8.Natural language generation
    9.Natural language understanding
    10.Optical character recognition (OCR)
    11.Question answering
    12.Recognizing Textual entailment
    13.Relationship extraction
    14.Sentiment analysis
    15.Topic segmentation and recognition
    16.Word sense disambiguation
    17.Automatic summarization
    18.Coreference resolution
    19.Discourse analysis
    20.Speech recognition
    21.Speech segmentation
    22.Text-to-speech
    
